---
title: Events
date: 2020
---
We are bringing you Two Performances and a week of workshops, panels and
festivities to celebrate PRIDEInPlace!

# 2nd Annual Pussy Pedestal Music Festival

![Pussy Pedestal Music Festival](images/branding/PP_Logo2019_Color.png){.pussy-pedestal}\ 

[#PRIDEinPlace]() [#PussyPedestal2020]() [#OaklandPride2020]()

Featuring:

## Khalibud

![Khalibud](images/headshots/Khalibud.jpg){.headshot} Khalibud is a ball of
energy bred in the San Francisco Bay Area. Her lyrics imitate life, serving as
an audio diary for her listeners. Khalibud mixes jazz, soul and grassroots hip
hop bridging the new with the old. She is amped to bring love and light to the
stage. Her latest project "Peace of Imperfection" is available on all platforms.

## Cadence Myles

![Cadence Myles](images/headshots/Cadence-Myles.jpg){.headshot} Cadence Myles is
an Oakland based live musician. A combination of rock attitude, the soul of R&B,
plus the structure of some pop music presents an experience like no
other. Usually Cadence plays acoustic guitar and is also a skilled drummer as
well as song writer. At this time there are no studio recordings being promoted
as Cadence believes live music is the ideal delivery method for this type of
medicine.


# Black Voices Matter - The Poetic Revolution!

Featuring:

## Natasha Ria El-Scari

![Natasha Ria El-Scari](images/headshots/Natasha-Ria.jpg){.headshot} Natasha Ria
El-Scari is a poet, performer, owner of the [El-Scari Harvey Art
Gallery](https://www.facebook.com/elscariharveyartgallery/), founder of [Black
Space Black Art](https://www.facebook.com/blackspaceblackart/), and the author
of [Screaming Times (Spartan Press, 2015)](http://www.natasharia.com), [The Only
Other (Main Street Rag, 2016)](http://www.natasharia.com), [Mama Sutra--Love and
Lovemaking Advice to My Son (2019)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1690637595), [I
Say, T(He)y Say (2020)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/169928699X) and [Growing Up
Sina (2020)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1699504369). You can find her spoken word
albums on all media outlets. Natasha Ria is available for readings, workshops,
seminars, speaking engagements, performances, manuscript development, social
media content and more. For more info visit
[www.natasharia.com!](www.natasharia.com)

