---
title: Pride in Place!
date: 2020
---
# About

We are bringing you Two Performances and a week of workshops, panels and
festivities to celebrate PRIDEInPlace. Follow [#PRIDEinPlace]()
[#PussyPedestal2020]() [#OaklandPride2020]() to keep in touch!

![Pride in Place](images/branding/pip-logo.svg){.pride-in-place}\ ![Pussy
Pedestal Music
Festival](images/branding/PP_Logo2019_Color.png){.pussy-pedestal}\

## Sponsors

[![San Francisco AIDs
Foundation](images/branding/sfaf-logo-color.png){.sponsor}](https://www.sfaf.org/)\

# Pussy Pedestal

The 2nd Annual Pussy Pedestal Music Festival!

Featuring:

- DJ Kream
- Cadence Myles
- Khalibud
- OHMi Water
- DJ Lady Ryan

## Khalibud

![Khalibud](images/headshots/Khalibud.jpg){.headshot} Khalibud is a ball of
energy bred in the San Francisco Bay Area. Her lyrics imitate life, serving as
an audio diary for her listeners. Khalibud mixes jazz, soul and grassroots hip
hop bridging the new with the old. She is amped to bring love and light to the
stage. Her latest project "Peace of Imperfection" is available on all platforms.

## Cadence Myles

![Cadence Myles](images/headshots/Cadence-Myles.jpg){.headshot}Cadence Myles is
an Oakland based live musician. A combination of rock attitude, the soul of R&B,
plus the structure of some pop music presents an experience like no
other. Usually Cadence plays acoustic guitar and is also a skilled drummer as
well as song writer. At this time there are no studio recordings being promoted
as Cadence believes live music is the ideal delivery method for this type of
medicine.

## OHMi Water

![OHMi Water](images/headshots/OHMi-Water.jpg){.headshot}OHMi is a creative
artist hailing from Covina, CA. She moved to the Bay Area to complete he degree
at SF State in Black Studies. she was involved in the movement to save the
College of Ethnic Studies. OHMi then realized that she had something to say, and
had creative tools to do so. She creates music to affirm and uplift herself, and
those around her.

# Black Voices Matter

The Poetic Revolution

Featuring:

- Yodassa Williams
- Nika Cherrelle
- Elaine Brown (a.k.a. Poet E Spoken)
- Natasha Ria El-Scari

## Elaine Brown (a.k.a. Poet E Spoken)

![Elaine Brown](images/headshots/Elaine-Brown.jpg){.headshot} Elaine Brown is a
mother, author, writer, teacher, and spoken word artist. She is the Co-host of
My Word Open Mic, Poetry Express, and Vent- A safe space and support group for
Sexual assault Survivors. Her book Cried Out Laughing and CD Every Knee Part II
will be out later this year.

## Nika Cherrelle

![Nika Cherrelle](images/headshots/Nika-Cherrelle.jpg){.headshot} [Marnika
Shelton, AKA Nika Cherrelle](https://nikacherrelles.com/), is an engaging,
vibrant, creative artist, educator and activist with over 25 years of experience
in the [Fine Arts](https://marnikashelton.com/). Classically trained in
sculpture and specializing in figurative ceramics and portraiture, Marnika uses
the visual arts as a platform to drive home complex, layered and controversial
narratives. Her works are designed to engage the viewer in conversations that
challenge socially and culturally normative viewpoints around race, gender,
sexuality, class and religion. Taking on topics such as indoctrination and
historical prejudice by recreating stories from unexplored angles to expose
longstanding impacts on society. Views of masculinity, prejudice, violence,
shame, sexuality and how fear creates difference are all within the scope of her
work. Marnika enjoys speaking in communities, classrooms and institutions about
Art, Sexuality and Politics. Her work exists to empower and inspire people
across all cultural backgrounds. By breaking down taboo, She aims to create a
world where all people feel loved, honored and respected.

## Natasha Ria El-Scari

![Natasha Ria El-Scari](images/headshots/Natasha-Ria.jpg){.headshot} Natasha Ria
El-Scari is a poet, performer, owner of the [El-Scari Harvey Art
Gallery](https://www.facebook.com/elscariharveyartgallery/), founder of [Black
Space Black Art](https://www.facebook.com/blackspaceblackart/), and the author
of [Screaming Times (Spartan Press, 2015)](http://www.natasharia.com), [The Only
Other (Main Street Rag, 2016)](http://www.natasharia.com), [Mama Sutra--Love and
Lovemaking Advice to My Son (2019)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1690637595), [I
Say, T(He)y Say (2020)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/169928699X) and [Growing Up
Sina (2020)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1699504369). You can find her spoken word
albums on all media outlets. Natasha Ria is available for readings, workshops,
seminars, speaking engagements, performances, manuscript development, social
media content and more. For more info visit
[www.natasharia.com!](https://www.natasharia.com)

# Support

- PayPal: [Paypal](https://paypal.me/PRIDEinPlace)
- Venmo: @PRIDEinPlace

All contributions to PRIDEInPlace will be used to support Black and Cultural
Empowerment Movements, Black Owned Businesses and the Artists responsible for
bringing this creation to you
